well I'm here right now with sneaky
after cloud 9 has qualified in the last
spot for worlds from North America head
off to Korea in just a couple hours in
fact sneaky how confident were you guys
that you were gonna win today we
actually weren't that confident I mean
we were confident in our own play
because we had been playing scrims for
you know three weeks that's where he
lost a dig and we had realized a lot of
our problems and we're able to fix a lot
of them so I mean we were confident on
play but we weren't like we're going to
Worlds or anything and I think that's
pretty important because I mean
throughout the season that we were
beating coz a lot in scrims and I mean
we were being a lot of teams in scrims
if I like we had a high winrate so it
was weird to see us not be able to
translate that on stage but this time
around it felt a whole lot better
yeah I mean what do you think it was
because you guys lost to dig and then
CLG beat dig so handedly and then you
guys beat CLG I think pretty handily I
mean definitely some sloppy games but
yeah I mean what was the turnaround it
was just literally these three weeks of
screams allowed you guys to figure stuff
out um yeah I mean it's been like a
build-up over the season because it is a
very similar thing happen before the
split even started where we thought we
were doing really well and then we just
go in and like lose some games were like
huh what happened to her so it's kind of
been like figuring out what's been going
wrong and just working on it so I don't
think there was anything specific that
we did that I can really talk about but
yeah I mean I think the big thing was
also probably a bit of tilt from their
end cuz you know they won verse us and
then they beat our they lost to TSM so
then I think they may have like tilted
off that and then you know like
instantly lost a co d and then next week
instantly lost if like Wes like didn't
really put a fight to that you need
their own whole TSM thing just shattered
their their mindset now this year is
unusual because instead of going to
Korea bootcamping and then starting it
for the group stage you have to go to
Korea boot camp and then show much
earlier for the playing stage like a
week or so in advance as is that weird
to you at all are you looking forward to
it I mean how does that change your
situation for worlds it's not that bad
because you know China is pretty close
to Korea
we wouldn't be in that jet-lagged if you
go decently early but yeah I mean it's
it's really weird cuz we have been third
see the last two years and there hasn't
been anything like this before so I'm
not even sure how it plays out like I
I'm assuming it's we play one best of
five against someone and if you win that
we're in and then we lose him in a
chance because that's what MSI was but
it might be different and it might be
like got to play through basically a
whole nother tournament so I'm hoping
for the first one yeah I mean it's it's
definitely weird I don't know if na
deserves to go through this but I guess
I guess I'll figure that out we lost our
bye this year or sorry our first seed
for the group stage drawing because of
TSM so it does feel like we deserve some
sort of punishment right
I mean TSM got punished for that but why
do I get punished because they represent
our region because you lost to TSM and
did not make it to MSI and because TSM
made it then they should have been even
better than you that's why you got
punished because you lost CSM and didn't
make it to MSI where you could have
placed better and secure in our position
that's a fair point all right but you
but it also means it's you have far less
time it's just kind of weird because not
only well I guess you're leaving tonight
and my understanding is that the other
teams are living right but you know for
less time to prepare for Worlds because
you're gonna be in Korea for only like a
week or two so is that weird is it kind
of a bummer that you have less time in
creative get ready it actually shouldn't
hurt us that hard it kind of depends
where we are in China I don't know exact
like locations for groups agent or
anything but like the ping shouldn't be
that bad to Korea server so like we'll
be able to scrim the same people I think
so
it shouldn't hit us that hard or
anything I mean it'll be a little bit
worse I mean technically will get more
stage experience but yeah for total
practicing and not like revealing our
shots
it is worse for sure now other than that
and ace chances at world sissie
um you know we've kind of in the shining
hope cloud nine every year you know I'm
kind of hoping that doesn't happen but
we also should hopefully do well but I'm
hoping you know it's not only us this
time like TSM hopefully doesn't fail and
missing missing out of groups again you
know mortals their new team yeah so not
too many expectations out of them but I
hope they do well final question I just
asked 6a about this
why is everybody spilling their cups so
often now it's getting really bad is it
like are the cups different now is there
less space is everyone like just losing
the dexterity to avoid knocking over the
cup what how do you feel any of where
you keep seeing this stuff happen they
just need to be a no water role like how
can we pause for all these water spill
breaks and you know have a good
broadcast like it's you actually what
you actually not I mean I think you're
just memeing right now but some people
do feel like there shouldn't be liquid a
lot on stage because the players can't
seem to help keep it together you know
if that rule came into place do you
think that that would be bad yeah maybe
but for sure because sometimes I'll have
you know like Red Bull or coffee
chilling drinking it actually I'd have
sugar delivered to me on stage today
because there's no sugar backstage they
gave me like a little cup and I put it
in it was okay why is why is everybody
knocking stuff over is there enough
space is it silly that people are
knocking it over in your opinion I mean
it's probably just a bit of like nerves
you know they just trying to drink real
quick all over themselves all over the
key okay I'm glad that we had that
traumatic representation of what happens
is there anything you want to say to you
the Klondike fans thanks for believing
in us we I mean smoothie save you could
do it but I wasn't entirely sure but I'm
glad we could there you go thanks so
much for the interview sneaky are
looking forward to interviewing you
again and China assuming you make it out
of plans because I'm not going to that
so you'll have to do that for me
everyone else you can check out the rest
of our coverage going all the way up to
worlds here on my youtube channel hey
everyone I'm very excited about playoffs
and world's coming up but guess what
travel is very expensive so if you enjoy
my interviews and you feel like it you
can go
me over at Travis CARICOM slash support